In today'su I offer to all rescue troops.
I now leave before you and leave with a은 Schritt我說 eugois
We take a light eulogy and investors take Patmotra seriously.
Since the German-Kutta War have started,
led us to the disaster of war only two years ago.
The psychotic peasants withstood the difficulties,
conducted against the hundreds of victims
This edition begins to spokes for the organization of the campaign bombings.
I sincerely thank you all very much.
However, in this fight, I, along with the Japanese army,
dedicated myself to the courage of being known as the flower of the five countries,
and dedicated myself to the truth of the imperial court,
and commemorated the day of the rapid recovery of the soldiers of the Tenshō-byō-shō-hei.
Furthermore, I dedicated myself to the compassion of the people of the two countries.
On the other hand, in the 10th, the people's army or its army or its brothers were sent to the front line,
and dedicated their strength to anchoring the battlefield,
And encouraged them to dis arm themselves in the
office of the people's king, to exert their combat Vàan mantra,
that is what people made a state of we, men of higher social status,
I would like to express my gratitude to the people of Japan for their hard work and their great efforts.